[processor/redaction] Support hashing instead of masking values (#38161)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/redactionprocessor/README.md

If the value matches the regular expression for a blocked value only, the matching
part of the value is masked with a fixed length of asterisks.

`hash_function` defines the function for hashing the values (or substrings of values)
instead of masking them with a fixed string. By default, no hash function is used
and masking with a fixed string is performed. The supported hash functions

> are `md5`, `sha1` and `sha3`.

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning what specific variant of these is implemented? (e.g. is it SHA-256 or SHA-512?)

Author: I would say it's good this way

Reviewer: I would at least mention it for SHA3, since Go allows you to choose the size

`blocked_key_patterns` applies to the values of the keys matching one of the patterns.
The value is then masked according to the configuration.

> `hash_function` defines the function for hashing the values (or substrings of values)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`hash_function` defines the function for hashing values of matched keys or matches in values
```
The only way to hash a substring is to hash the matched part of a value, right? I think we should make the wording a bit clearer as to what the input to the hash functions is.
